Update the changelog for the OGC API renaming (#11805)
camptocamp/c2cgeoportal: geoportal/c2cgeoportal_geoportal/scaffolds/update/{{cookiecutter.project}}/CONST_CHANGELOG.txt

   Controller.$inject = ['$scope', '$injector'];
   ```

> 4. The OGC Server 'source for image/png' is rename to 'MapServer' and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The OGC Server 'source for image/png' is renamed to 'MapServer' and
```

>    'source for image/jpeg' is rename to 'MapServer_JPEG'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   'source for image/jpeg' is renamed to 'MapServer_JPEG'.
```

>    Tis is done to be able to add them in the URL path, for OGC API compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is done to be able to add them in the URL path, for OGC API compatibility.
```

>    If us use one of them in the `vars.yaml` you should also update them, concerned variables are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you use one of them in the `vars.yaml` you have to update them. Concerned variables are:
```
